 

IMPORTANT NOTICE 

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE UNITED STATES 

IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer applies to 
the attached preliminary pricing supplement. You are advised to read this disclaimer carefully before accessing, 
reading or making any other use of the attached preliminary pricing supplement. In accessing the attached preliminary 
pricing supplement, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to 
them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 

NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE 
IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE 
SECURITIES  HAVE  NOT  BEEN,  AND  WILL  NOT  BE,  REGISTERED  UNDER  THE  UNITED  STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR 
IN A TRANSACTION  NOT SUBJECT TO, THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES 
ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 

THE ATTACHED PRELIMINARY PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED 
TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND IN 
PARTICULAR,  MAY  NOT  BE  FORWARDED  TO  ANY  ADDRESS  IN  THE  UNITED  STATES.  ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 

Confirmation of Your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the attached preliminary pricing supplement 
or make an investment decision with respect to the securities, investors must not be located in the United States. The 
attached  preliminary  pricing  supplement  is  being  sent  to  you  at  your  request,  and  by  accepting  the  e-mail  and 
accessing the attached preliminary pricing supplement, you shall be deemed to represent to each of Competition 
Team  Technologies  Limited  as  issuer  (the  Issuer),  Hon  Hai  Precision  Industry  Co.,  Ltd.  as  guarantor  (the 
Guarantor) and Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Merrill Lynch (Asia 
Pacific)  Limited, The  Hongkong  and  Shanghai  Banking  Corporation  Limited  (each  in  its  capacity  as  joint  lead 
manager) (together, the Joint Lead Managers) that (1) you are not in the United States, and the electronic mail 
address that you gave us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United States, its territories 
or possessions, and (2) you consent to delivery of the attached preliminary pricing supplement and any amendments 
or supplements thereto by electronic transmission. To the extent you purchase the securities described in the attached 
preliminary pricing supplement, you will be doing so in an offshore transaction as defined in regulations under the 
Securities Act in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

You are reminded that the attached preliminary pricing supplement has been delivered to you on the basis that you 
are  a  person  into  whose  possession  the  attached  preliminary  pricing  supplement  may  be  lawfully  delivered  in 
accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to 
forward, deliver or otherwise provide access of the attached preliminary pricing supplement to any other person. 

The materials relating to the offering of securities to which the attached preliminary pricing supplement relates do 
not  constitute,  and  may  not  be  used  in  connection  with,  an  offer  or  solicitation  in  any  place  where  offers  or 
solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licenced broker or 
dealer and the underwriters or any affiliate of the underwriters is a licenced broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the 
offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriters or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuers (as defined below) 
in such jurisdiction.  

A37407069 

1 

 
The  attached  preliminary  pricing  supplement  has  been  sent  to  you  in  electronic  form.  You  are  reminded  that 
documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Joint Lead Managers, nor their respective affiliates and their 
respective  directors,  officers,  employees,  representatives,  agents  and  each  person  who  controls  the  Issuer,  the 
Guarantor, each Joint Lead Manager or their respective affiliates accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in 
respect of any alteration or change to the attached preliminary pricing supplement distributed to you in electronic 
format or any discrepancies between the attached preliminary pricing supplement distributed to you in electronic 
format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Joint Lead Managers.  

Restrictions: Nothing in this electronic transmission constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of any of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Joint Lead Managers to subscribe or purchase any of the securities described therein. 
Any securities to be issued will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States unless registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from such registration. Access has been 
limited so that it shall not constitute a general solicitation in the United States or elsewhere. If you have gained access 
to  this  transmission  contrary  to  the  foregoing  restrictions,  you  will  be  unable  to  purchase  any  of  the  securities 
described therein. 

If  you  receive  the  attached  preliminary  pricing  supplement  by  e-mail,  you  should  not  reply  by  e-mail  to  the 
preliminary  pricing  supplement,  and  you  may  not  purchase  any  securities  by  doing  so.  Any  reply  e-mail 
communications, including those you generate by using the Reply function on your e-mail software, will be ignored 
or rejected. You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this e-mail is 
at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items 
of a destructive nature.  

 

A37407069 

2 

 

 

Preliminary Pricing Supplement dated [] 2019 

The  information  contained  in  this  Preliminary  Pricing  Supplement  is  subject  to  completion  and 
amendment in the final Pricing Supplement. No offer or invitation shall be made or received, and no 
agreement shall be made, on the basis of this document, to purchase or subscribe for any securities. 

Competition Team Technologies Limited  

Issue of U.S.$[] [] per cent. Guaranteed Notes due [] 

Unconditionally and Irrevocably Guaranteed by 

Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. 

under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme 

The document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated 7 August 2018 (the Offering Circular). This Pricing 
Supplement contains the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Offering Circular 
as so supplemented.  

PRIIPs REGULATION  PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC 
(as amended or superseded, the IMD), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined  in  point  (10)  of  Article  4(1)  of  MiFID  II;  or  (iii)  not  a  qualified  investor  as  defined  in  Directive 
2003/71/EC  (as  amended  or  superseded,  the  Prospectus  Directive).  Consequently  no  key  information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes  or  otherwise  making  them  available  to  retail  investors  in  the  EEA  has  been  prepared  and  therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 

In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time including by an subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time 
(together, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the  Sale  of  Investment  Products  and  MAS  Notice  FAA-N16:  Notice  on  Recommendations  on  Investment 
Products). 

1 
 
2 
 
3 
4 

(i) 

(ii) 
(i) 

Issuer: 

Guarantor: 
Series Number: 

Competition Team Technologies Limited  

Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. 
15 

Tranche Number: 

(ii) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 

1  
United States dollars (U.S.$) 

Aggregate Nominal Amount: 

 

A37407069 

3 

 

 
 
5 
 
6 

7 
 
8 
9 
10 
11 

12 
13 

14 

15 

(i) 
(ii) 
(i) 

(ii) 
(i) 

(ii) 
(i) 

Series:  
Tranche:  
  Issue Price: 

  Net Proceeds: 
Specified Denominations: 

Calculation Amount: 
Issue Date: 

U.S.$[] 
U.S.$[] 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount   

U.S.$[] 
U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 
in excess thereof 
U.S.$1,000 
[ 2019] 

Interest Commencement Date: 

(ii) 
Maturity Date: 

Issue Date  
[] 

Interest Basis: 

Redemption/Payment Basis: 

Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
Put/Call Options: 

Listing: 

Date of Board approval for the issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
Date of Board approval for the giving of 
Guarantee obtained: 

[] per cent. Fixed Rate 

Redemption at par 

Not Applicable  

Not Applicable 

Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 
SGX-ST) 
13 July 2012  

11 May 2017 

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16 

Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 

Applicable 

(i) 

Rate of Interest: 

Interest Payment Date(s): 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
Broken Amount(s): 
Day Count Fraction: 
Determination Dates: 

(ii) 
(iii) 
(iv) 
(v) 
(vi) 
(vii)  Other terms relating to the method 

of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes: 

[] per cent. per annum payable semi-annually in 
arrear 
[] and [] in each year   
U.S.$[] per Calculation Amount 
Not Applicable  
30/360  
Not Applicable  
Not Applicable 

17 
18 

Floating Rate Note Provisions: 

Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 

Not Applicable  

Not Applicable  

A37407069 

4 

 

19 

Not Applicable  

Not Applicable  

Not Applicable 

Not Applicable 

Index-Linked Interest Note/other variable-
linked interest Note Provisions: 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 

Put Option: 

Call Option: 

20 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 
22 
23 
24 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25 

Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 

Early Redemption Amount: 

Form of Notes: 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment: 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount 
of each instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
Consolidation provisions: 

Other terms or special conditions: 

Other provisions: 

32 
33 
DISTRIBUTION 
34 

(i) 

If syndicated, names of Managers: 

A37407069 

5 

U.S.$1,000 per Calculation Amount  

U.S.$1,000 per Calculation Amount 

Registered Notes: 
Global Certificate exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in the limited circumstances described 
in the Global Certificate  
Not Applicable 

No 

Not Applicable  

Not Applicable  

Not Applicable  

The provisions in Condition 15 (Further Issues) 
apply 
Not Applicable 

Not Applicable 

Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited, Merrill Lynch (Asia 
Pacific) Limited, The Hongkong and Shanghai 
Banking Corporation Limited  

 

(ii) 

Stabilisation Coordinator(s) (if any):  The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 

35 

36 
37 

If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 

Additional selling restrictions: 

A37407069 

6 

Limited 
Not Applicable 

Reg. S Category 1; TEFRA Not Applicable   

The Singapore selling restrictions on page 116 and 
117  of  the  Offering  Circular  shall  be  deleted  in  its 
entirety and replaced with the following:  
Singapore 
Each  Dealer  has  acknowledged,  and  each  further 
Dealer  appointed  under  the  Programme  will  be 
required to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular 
has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with 
the  Monetary  Authority  of  Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused  such  Notes  to  be  made  the  subject  of  an 
invitation  for subscription or purchase and  will not 
offer  or  sell  such  Notes  or  cause  such  Notes  to  be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase,  and  has  not  circulated  or  distributed,  nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or 
any  other  document  or  material  in  connection  with 
the  offer  or  sale,  or  invitation  for  subscription  or 
purchase,  of  such  Notes,  whether  directly  or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Act  (Chapter  289)  of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(together, the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of 
the  SFA,  and  in  accordance  with  the  conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under 
Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 

a  corporation  (which  is  not  an  accredited 
investor  (as  defined  in  Section  4A  of  the 
SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold 
investments  and  the  entire  share  capital  of 

 

(b) 

which is owned by one or more an accredited 
investor; or  
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited 
investor)  whose  sole  purpose  is  to  hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust 
is  an  individual  who  is  an  accredited 
investor, 

securities  or  securities-based  derivatives  contracts 
(each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that  corporation  or  the  beneficiaries  rights  and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be 
that 
corporation  or  that  trust  has  acquired  the  Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the 
SFA except: 
(1) 

transferred  within  six  months  after 

to  an  institutional  investor  or  to  a  relevant 
person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, 
or  to  any  person  arising  from  an  offer 
referred  to  in  Section  275(1A)  or  Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
where no consideration is or will be given for 
the transfer; 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA;  
specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities 
and  Futures 
Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives 
Contracts) Regulations 2018. 

(Offers  of 

(2) 

(3) 
(4) 
(5) 

Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection 
with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and 
Futures  (Capital  Markets  Products)  Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, 
the  Issuer  has  determined,  and  hereby  notifies  all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and  Excluded  Investment  Products  (as  defined  in 
MAS  Notice  SFA  04-N12:  Notice  on  the  Sale  of 
Investment  Products  and  MAS  Notice  FAA-N16: 
Notice  on  Recommendations  on 
Investment 
Products). 

XS[] 

[] 

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
38 
39 

Common Code: 

ISIN Code: 

A37407069 

7 

 

40 
41 
42 

CMU Instrument Number: 

Legal Entity Identifier:  

Not Applicable  
The LEI of the Issuer is 254900B6P01H4XAT6880 

43 
44 
GENERAL 
45 

Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the CMU and 
the relevant identification number(s): 
Delivery: 

Additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 

The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into U.S. dollars 
at the rate of -, producing a sum of (for 
Notes not denominated in U.S. dollars): 
Ratings: 

Not Applicable  

Delivery against payment 

Not Applicable  

Not Applicable  

The Notes to be issued have been rated:  

 

S&P: A- 

46 

 

STABILISATION 
In connection with this issue, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (the Stabilisation 
Coordinator) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Coordinator) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Notes and 
60 days after the date of allotment of the Notes. 

2018 THIRD QUARTER FINANCIALS   
On  13  November  2018  and 15 January  2019,  the  Guarantor  published  its  unaudited  consolidated  financial 
statements as at and for the three months and nine months ended 30 September 2018 (the 2018 Third Quarter 
Financials) and the English translations thereof on the websites of the TWSE, which are incorporated by 
reference in the Offering Circular. In the event of any discrepancy between the English translation and the 
original Chinese version of the 2018 Third Quarter Financials or any differences in interpretation between the 
two versions, the Chinese version of the 2018 Third Quarter Financials will prevail.  

The 2018 Third Quarter Financials have been reviewed but have not been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, 
Taiwan,  which  issued  a  qualified  report  because  certain  consolidated  subsidiaries  and  equity-method 
investments are not reviewed. The 2018 Third Quarter Financials are not necessarily indicative of the results 
that may be expected for the year ended 31 December 2018 or any period thereafter. Consequently, potential 
investors must exercise caution when using such data to evaluate the Groups financial condition and results of 
operations. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS    

Investment in Sinovation Fund IV L.P. 
On 4 October 2018, the Company announced that it had made an indirect investment of U.S.$50,000,000 in 
Sinovation  Fund  IV,  L.P.  for  long-term  investment  purposes,  through  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary  Icreate 
Investments Limited.  

A37407069 

8 

 

Investment in WRV II-A Fund  

On 4 October 2018, the Company announced that it had made an indirect investment of U.S.$26,180,195 in 
WRV II-A fund for long-term investment purposes, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Icreate Investments 
Limited. 
Acquisition of shares in Rising Stars Mobile India Private Limited 
On 12 October 2018, the Company announced that it had made an indirect investment of INR 3,699,978,900 
(approximately U.S.$49,999,715) for 36,999,789 shares in Rising Stars Mobile India Private Limited at INR100 
per share through its subsidiary Wonderful Stars Pte. Ltd. for long-term investment purposes.  
Investment in IDG Breyer Capital Fund L.P. 
On 30 November 2018, the  Company announced that it  had  made an indirect investment of no  more than 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 in IDG Breyer Capital Fund L.P. through its subsidiary TMJ Technology Co., Ltd. for long-
term investment purposes.  
Investment in IDG Breyer Capital Fund GP Associates L.P. 
On 30 November 2018, the  Company announced that it  had  made an indirect investment of no  more than 
U.S.$24,000,000 in IDG Breyer Capital Fund GP Associates L.P. through its subsidiary Rich Dreams Network 
Technology Limited for long-term investment purposes.  
Acquisition of shares in Cloud Network Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd. 

On 20 December 2018, the Company announced that it had made an indirect investment of U.S.$52,000,000 
by obtaining the common shares of Cloud Network Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd. through its wholly-owned 
subsidiary Focus PC Enterprises Limited for long-term investment purposes.  

Acquisition of shares in Foxconn Hon Hai Technology India Mega Development Private Limited 

On  26  January  2019,  the  Company  announced  that  it  had  made  an  indirect  investment  of  no  more  than 
U.S.$213,500,000  for  no  more  than  1,496,649,330  shares  in  Foxconn  Hon  Hai  Technology  India  Mega 
Development Private Limited at about INR10 each through its subsidiary Foxconn Singapore Pte. Ltd. for long-
term investment purposes. 

Profit Warning of FIH Mobile Limited 

On 22 February 2019, FIH Mobile Limited, one of the principal subsidiaries of the Group, announced on the 
website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited that FIH Mobile Limited and its subsidiaries (the FIH 
Group) expects the FIH Group to record a consolidated net loss for the financial year ended 31 December 
2018 of around, or below, U.S.$870 million (compared with the consolidated net loss of U.S.$525.394 million 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2017). The factors contributing to such increase in consolidated net 
loss has been disclosed in the profit warning announcement.  

Investors should be cautious that the information contained in the profit warning announcement is solely based 
on the preliminary assessment of the unaudited management accounts of the FIH Group for the year ended 31 
December 2018. The profit warning announcement will also not demonstrate the full picture of the financial 
performance of the FIH Group for the year ended 31 December 2018. Therefore, potential investors should not 
use such preliminary assessment to evaluate FIH Groups financial condition and results of operations for the 
year ended 31 December 2018. 

PURPOSE OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the SGX-ST 
of the Notes described herein pursuant to the U.S.$5,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme. 

A37407069 

9 

 

RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 

 

Signed on behalf of Competition Team Technologies Limited: 

 

 

 

By:  _________________________________________ 
 

Duly authorised 

Signature Page  Pricing Supplement  

 

 

Signed on behalf of Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd.: 

 

 

 

By:  _________________________________________ 
 

Duly authorised 

 

Signature Page  Pricing Supplement  

