Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no
responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or
in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.

This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to
acquire, purchase or subscribe for securities. This announcement does not constitute or form a part
of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States. The securities
have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction,
and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Notes
are being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions in compliance with
Regulation S under the Securities Act. This announcement and the information contained herein are
not for distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States. No public offer of the securities
referred to herein is being or will be made in the United States.

Voluntary Announcement

Repurchase of Part of the Senior Notes

XINHU (BVI) HOLDING COMPANY LIMITED

((BVI) (The Issuer)

(incorporated with limited liability in the British Virgin Islands)

6.00% Guaranteed Senior Notes Due 2020 (ISIN: XS1560668425) (The Notes)

(Stock Code: 5382)

unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by

XINHU ZHONGBAO CO., LTD.

()(The Company)

(incorporated with limited liability in the PRC and

listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange under stock code 600208.SH)

Reference is made to the Notes issued by the Issuer and unconditionally and
irrevocably guaranteed by the Company, and the announcement of the Issuer dated
March 1, 2017 in relation to the listing of the Notes on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited by way of debt issues to professional investors (as defined in Chapter
37 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong

 1 

Kong Limited and in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong)
only. The Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of the indenture dated as of
March 1, 2017 among the Issuer, the Company and the Citicorp International Limited
as trustee.

As of January 9, 2019, there were US$700,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of
Notes outstanding. From January 10, 2019 to February 25, 2019,
the Company
completed on-market repurchase of part of the senior notes with an aggregate
principal amount of US$25,900,000 (the Repurchased Notes),
representing
approximately 3.7% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding. The
Repurchased Notes have not been canceled as of the date of this announcement. As
of the date of this announcement,
the outstanding principal amount of Notes is
US$700,000,000.

Hong Kong, February 27, 2019

As at the date of this announcement, the sole director of Xinhu (BVI) Holding Company Limited is Ms.
Lin Junbo and the directors of Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. are Ms. Lin Junbo, Mr. Ye Zhengmeng, Ms.
Huang Fang, Ms. Chen Shucui, Mr. Xue Anke, Mr. Cai Jiamei, and Mr. Xu Xiaodong.

 2 

